---
id: 5j67c4ulTO4yirB9GznL
name: Setup and Expectations
file_version: 1.0.2
app_version: 0.9.1-3
---

What is this repo about?
========================

This repo should help you master Python in a hands-on manner. It consists of hands-on [Swimm](https://swimm.io) Exercises covering best-practices in Python (from basics to advanced), as well as specific modules or libraries (e.g., `typing`).

This is a public repo maintained by [Swimm](https://swimm.io).

Enjoy 😎

Prerequisites
=============

*   Basic Python knowledge.
    
*   Have `python3` in your path launch Python with a version `>=3.8`. That is, you should be able to launch `python3` from the terminal.
    

Playlists Overview
==================

The Playlists in this repo are supposed to present bite-sized exercises.

Exercise Structure
------------------

Before you take your first few steps it's important to set our expectations:

*   In each Exercise, you will be asked to make some tests pass (use `swimm test` as a shortcut for that) and will be presented with the files necessary for you to edit after you `swimm play`.
    
*   The **technical specifications** of what you need to achieve will be written as docstrings inside the **code itself**.
    
*   The Exercises' descriptions themselves will not focus on teaching Python concepts, but may instead offer some _"Recommended References"_ that will help you solve each specific challenge. We encourage you to search online and dive deeper on your own!
    

I have a question
=================

Contact us at `info@swimm.io`.

I want to contribute
====================

Great, you are welcome to issue a PR. Relevant contributions can be:

*   Enhancing existing Exercises - adding hints, extending the description or summary.
    
*   Adding Exercises to existing playlists.
    
*   Creating new playlists.

<br/>

This file was generated by Swimm. [Click here to view it in the app](https://swimm-web-app.web.app/repos/3egoQiVcDy5E9US72y0k/docs/5j67c4ulTO4yirB9GznL).